Your nasty behaviour is the reason for your receding hairline.
Silence is the best answer for a fool
The salt on this food is enough to kill an earthworm. 
You’re not glowing, honey; you’re basically bathed in oil
If you could smell you, you wouldn’t be friends with you.
Heaven knows if you were taller, you wouldn’t get any boyfriends. 
I know I make stupid choices, but you’re the worst of all my choices
Being friends with you is only useful if I’m looking to have a good time
You’ve been trying to get your summer body since two winters ago
Serial killers would run mad if they tried to make you a victim.
Why can’t you be like other rom-com friends? You’re not supportive.
If you added any more weight, the elevator wouldn’t move
You can attract bees with honey; in your case, it’s flies and faeces.
Even if you married, you’d still be single
You are the only friend in our group who’s going to hell
You have been getting your life together for two years, and I don’t think it wants to be gotten
If I have kids, I will just purposefully forget them at school
Why would you want to have babies? Don’t pass your dumb genes to an innocent child
I hate you. All your calories go to your big head and not your body
Please clean out this apartment. It’s called being a plant Mom, not being a plant undertaker
Your writing is not made for the big screen, maybe for the small screen, a phone screen.
Talking to you is like stepping on a leaf in autumn and hearing no crunch- disappointment.
I am so single; I wake up to ‘battery full’ every morning.
Why are you giving me 100 missed calls? Is it a call to glory?
I can’t believe I have to work to make money.
Thank God the kids don’t have my surname. Stupid doesn’t run in my family.
You actually look nice today. You deserve a cookie.
I knew that it could only be you. Nonsense follows you.
You got 97 because that was all you could get, and I got 100 because that was all there was to get.
Your eyebrows look like eagle’s wings
I did not pick up the phone because I’m ignoring you
Taking a picture of you would put a virus on my phone
Call me back when you’re ready to be an adult
No one noticed when you left; that’s how insignificant you are
Can we normalize telling you that you aren’t so wonderful
I am only friends with you for the drama
You look like a cow with that nose ring, and you’ve got the personality to match
Calling you is a waste of time
If they ask for a Dr. on board, you should whip out your math degree and start solving for resuscitation
Just a little BDSM, and you’ll be facing God and saying what you’ve done.
So nobody understands you.. it isn’t art but stupidity
I’d be happy to hear from you if you were actually important.
My headaches left immediately I left your presence
Your mother should’ve swallowed you
You do know you’d cause a crying spree if you went to a nursery
If I typed ‘stupid’ in google, your name would pop up
Your thoughts should be flushed
I can’t insult you. The universe has already helped by making you look like that
Is it bad I want to throw my kids away?
You deserve to be loved from a distance
You cause joy whenever you go.
You’re never too old to make friends with stupid
I’ve been told to make friends with dumb people. I’m glad you’re mine
God wanted to spice the earth with jokes, and he made your kind
Empty barrels make the loudest noise
Your bag is fake. You forgot there’s no ‘e’ in ‘Prada.’
Even rats pay rent. You’ve outstayed your welcome.
You could play  Arnold from ‘hey Arnold’s
What have you got going on for you? You’re not pretty enough to be this foolish
We are not going appease that empty brain of yours
You are as annoying as the crying baby on the plane
I pity your significant other. They must have their hands full
Where’d you get that? Forever 22?
If a cannibal wanted to eat you, he wouldn’t find anything in your brain
The mirror broke when you looked at it. You can’t fix ugly.
A fool is the same all year round, and we celebrate you on April 1st.
Remember, if anyone says you’re beautiful, it’s all lies
Roses are red; violets are blue. You a fool, and that will always be true
You’re too smart to date stupid. Or maybe you’re just the same.
For you, a fool at 40, remains a fool forever.
All your brain is in that suitcase
Your wig is slipping, and so are your senses.
It would be best if you didn’t have an accent, you were in France for two days
I’m jealous of how you can be so dumb
The middle finger should be your motto for life.
The good books say to make good friends, but I think I made a mistake
I have to teach myself not to trust your stupid decisions
Your skincare routine shouldn’t smell like a graveyard
We are not friends, and we are not even acquaintances. Let’s not pretend like we know each other.
You are alone in this. I don’t support foolish behaviour
I’m smart, and I know you’re only benefitting from my wealth of knowledge
You’re so skinny; I hear the sound of bone on wood when you sit.
I’m sorry, I’ll call you later. I’m breathing in air
When the sanitation worker came, he forgot to take you along
Your kids need to be returned to where they came from
I honestly thought about selling my kids on eBay.
How do you cope with those gaps in your teeth? Are you comfortable with walking around with a window?
You make me increase the amount of caffeine I take daily
If we continue talking to each other, I might end up dead.
I can do better than you. I will do better than you.
Do you see the light at the end of the tunnel? Your presence keeps covering it up
You need to try clothes at the store and look in the mirror before you wear things like this
I’m cutting off toxicity from my life, and you are the prime reason
How can get an education and not get any educational experience
If I were to jump down from your IQ, it would equate to hopping
How can your IQ be in single numbers
It would help if you sued your parents for looking like that
Your mouth should be as silent as the ‘p’ in psychology
I’d have to understand this for you. Explaining won’t help you either
You do realize we tolerate you.